chore: add notes about leader-election (#163)
chaos-mesh/website: docs/production-installation-using-helm.md

:::

:::note

> In order to ensure high availability, Chaos Mesh turn on `leader-election` feature by default, if you do not need this feature, you can manually turn it off by `--set controllerManager.leaderElection.enabled=false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure high availability, Chaos Mesh turns on `leader-election` feature by default. If you do not need to use this feature, you can manually turn it off through `--set controllerManager.leaderElection.enabled=false`.
```

Author: fixed!
